(doc) Use parameter and argument appropriately in a tour of ocaml (#1929)
ocaml/ocaml.org: data/tutorials/getting-started/1_01_a_tour_of_ocaml.md

### Type Variables and Higher-Order Functions

> A function may expect a function as argument, which is called a _higher-order_ function. A well-known example of higher-order function is `List.map`. Here is how it can be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function may expect a function as a parameter, which is called a _higher-order_ function. A well-known example of higher-order function is `List.map`. Here is how it can be used:
```

It is when applying `map (fun x -> x * x)` that `fun x -> x * x` is higher-order argument.

- : int list = [0; 1; 4; 9; 16; 25]
```

> The name of this function begins with `List.` because it is part of the predefined library of functions acting on lists. This matter will be discussed more later. Function `List.map` takes two arguments: the second is a list, and the first is a function that can be applied to the list's elements, whatever they may be. `List.map` returns a list formed by applying the function provided as argument to each of the elements of the input list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of this function begins with `List.` because it is part of the predefined library of functions acting on lists. This matter will be discussed more later. Function `List.map` has two parameters: the second is a list, and the first is a function that can be applied to the list's elements, whatever they may be. `List.map` returns a list formed by applying the function provided as argument to each of the elements of the input list.
```

#### Defining a Higher-Order Function

> It is possible to pass a function as argument to another function. Functions taking other functions as argument are called _higher-order_ functions. This was illustrated earlier using function `List.map`. Here is how `map` can be written using pattern matching on lists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to pass a function as argument to another function. Functions having other functions as parameters are called _higher-order_ functions. This was illustrated earlier using function `List.map`. Here is how `map` can be written using pattern matching on lists.
```

```

Here, usage of the function `Option.map` is illustrated in several steps.

> 1. Display its type. It takes two arguments. A function of type `'a -> 'b` and an `'a option`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Display its type. It has two parameter. A function of type `'a -> 'b` and an `'a option`.
```
